What's up, everybody?
You're listening to another episode of Life in English.
I'm your host, Tony Kaizen.
And in this episode, we're going to switch it up just a little bit and play a game called "overrated or underrated".
Roll the intro.
The Life in English podcast is designed to teach you the real American English that you won't learn in school.
And it's made possible by our VIP community.
By becoming a VIP member of the Life in English community,
You'll get access to our Private Conversation Group, bonus podcast episodes,
Interactive transcripts, and vocabulary and grammar guides.
If you'd like to join the community you can visit lifeinenglish.net/vip.
All right, my friend.
So just in case you don't know, the word "overrated" basically means giving too much credit for its quality.
Basically believing or saying that something is better than it actually is.
And "underrated" is just the exact opposite.
This thing or this person is not given enough credit for their qualities or whatever it is.
They're not respected or appreciated or admired enough.
So the game "overrated underrated" is just the game in which we pick a person or a subject, a topic, a thing,
Whatever it is, we ask ourselves, is this thing given too much credit, appreciation, admiration or not enough?
Or is it accurately rated, just the right amount of appreciation is given to it? Right?
So you have overrated, underrated, or accurately rated.
So I was reading this BuzzFeed article about 32 things that might be overrated or underrated and you're supposed to choose.
So I'm going to read those things here. Let you know if I think is overrated or underrated,
And hopefully, you do the same and let me know in the comments or the Discord server or on Instagram or whatever.
Reach out to me however you need to. But that's going to be the episode. All right?
So let's not waste any more time. Let's get right into it.
All right. Number one, pizza. I think pizza is accurately rated, bro.
I mean, it's fucking amazing. People around the world love pizza, all types.
Deep dish, thin crust, pan, hand-tossed.
Like, people put all kinds of toppings on they shit.
Pizza, I think, is accurately rated. I think it gets the right amount of love.
If anything, it doesn't get enough love because pizza is fucking...
It's just one of my favorite foods, so I'm a little biased but accurately rated.
Maybe underrated because it's fucking amazing.
And I'm a... just in case you were wondering, I'm a traditional type of guy.
I like pepperoni and that's it. I like dough, sauce, cheese, pepperoni, and that's it.
I don't put no extra shit like olives and peppers and anchovies and fucking pineapple.
Who puts pineapple on a pizza, bro? Pineapple on a pizza.
Like, what the fuck, bro?
But anyway, I'm not going to get started.
Pizza, accurately rated. Let's move on.
Love. Woof. So underrated, misunders... I think love is misunderstood and underrated.
People don't have a good idea of what love actually is,
And a lot of times people talk about love as if it's just a noun, but it's also a verb.
And I think the verb is super extra, grossly underrated.
Get some more love in your life.
Show some more love to the people in your life.
Love, underrated.
Oral sex. That one is difficult to say, I would say it's...
It depends on who's performing it.
Oral sex can be fucking great. Overrated or underrated, bro.
I'll say it like this, it's underrated because it's really fucking great
And I don't think enough people appreciate that.
But I also think it's overrated in the sense that most people maybe don't have the best technique when doing it.
So then it's just like, "Ah it's really not that great". You know what I mean?
So it's kind of like, subjective. It's underrated and also understudied.
I feel like they need to give classes or something on how to properly perform oral sex.
I'm just saying. So underrated, for sure. Yeah, underrated.
Give your man some more head. Give your girl some more head.
I guarantee you the relationship will be better for it.
All right? Trust me on that.
Avocados. Over fucking rated, bro.
I never really understood why people love avocado so much.
Like, I've had them many times before, and they really don't taste like much.
And maybe I'm not eating them right, but I put them on like breakfast burritos,
I put them in my tacos or, excuse me, my burritos and shit like that.
Like, yeah. I get that they're healthy, but people just be like,
Man, I fucking love avocados.
And I'm like, They don't even taste like anything. So overrated.
A celebrity feuds. Completely overrated.
Who gives a fuck what famous people are fighting about? Who gives a shit?
Overrated. Next.
Taco Bell. Overrated, I think.
Taco Bell is really, really popular here for people that love tacos and burritos and shit like that.
But one of my friend's mothers used to work there, and she said,
If you knew what the meat and the tacos actually was, you would never eat it.
And I don't know if that's true.
But ever since she said that I was like, a little weary. I don't eat Taco Bell anymore.
And Taco Bell, they're not even fucking real tacos, bro.
I guess they're American tacos, but they're not like real tacos. You know what I'm saying?
So overrated. Go to San Diego, go to Houston, go to Miami, New Mexico, Arizona,
Like, somewhere along the southern border of the United States.
Get you some authentic Mexican food, bro. Get some real tacos, bro. All right?
Taco Bell, overrated.
New Year's Eve. Overrated.
I'm a little biased because I don't really celebrate holidays in general.
I think celebrating holidays, overrated. You know?
The type of holidays that happen every year like clockwork,
Like, we're just going to celebrate the new year because it's a new year when really it's just another day. You know?
Let's get drunk and get fucked up and party and "whoa another year".
Like, I don't really think this way anymore,
But I used to think like it's just another year closer to death.
What the fuck are we celebrating for? You know what I'm saying?
Obviously, other people look at it like it's another year lived, and that's a blessing.
But like celebrating on New Year's Eve, who gives a fuck?
Just another day. I look at life like just one long timeline.
And the years and days and months and all that type of stuff helped us keep track of our history and everything that happens.
But it's just one line of time, so... New Year's Eve, overrated.
Everyone's obsession with bacon. I feel like that's accurately rated bacon is fucking delicious.
It's really not good for you. And I eat turkey bacon nowadays, I don't eat pork no more.
But bacon is fucking delicious. I feel like being obsessed with bacon is the natural thing to do.
After you try it, how could you not want more?
Especially Americans, we put bacon and cheese on fucking everything, so...
And for good reason because they're both delicious.
So I feel like that's accurately rated.
Libraries, super fucking underrated, bro. Super underrated.
Get the fuck out of here. First of all, reading is underrated. Books are underrated.
But the library itself is such a peaceful place to be almost always quiet. You know what I'm saying?
The cute intellectual girls be in there, reading they nonfiction and shit. You know what I'm saying?
The library is dope. It's literally just a building packed with information.
It's like the internet before we had the internet,
That's where you would go to get information. Right? The fucking library.
So yeah, it's a cool place.
Some people like to go to coffee shops to read and get work done and have their fucking latte and all that shit.
I like to go to the library where it's like, dead quiet.
You could hear a pin drop in that bitch and just get work done. You know?
So, library is underrated. Even today, underrated.
Recording concerts with your iPhone camera. Super fucking overrated, bro.
Put your goddamn phone down and experience the concert, that's what you came for.
I never really understood... I've done it before, so I shouldn't say I've never understood.
I've held my phone up to get a 30-second clip,
A minute clip of the concert to have the memory of being there and all that type of stuff.
But like to watch the whole concert on your phone when it's really right there in front of you,
You're just making sure you get everything in frame, your whole memory is of you looking at your phone.
Like, put the phone down and watch the show.
You paid money to be here to see a live show and you're watching it
As if you're at home watching it on TV or your phone or something like that.
Overrated. Be present, be there in the moment, and just enjoy the shit.
A couple of pictures, a couple of videos, for sure.
We got to remember it. That's valuable.
But like, the whole show just got your phone up?
Like, Yeah, I'm going to love watching this video later. You know what I'm saying?
Overrated. Put your fucking phone down.
Going to brunch. I guess accurately rated. I don't, I don't know.
I like brunch because you don't have to get up so early.
I don't like eating early in the morning. I can't eat breakfast first thing in the morning.
Like, I wake up, I might drink some coffee or Red Bull or some water, but.
I'm not going to eat like a real breakfast until at least like 10:00 a.m. You know what I'm saying?
So brunch like 10:30 11:00 a.m. That's perfect because I can wake up,
Start my day, and then we go get something to eat.
And brunch is cool because it's breakfast or lunch.
You want a burger at 11 o'clock? Who cares? It's 11. You know?
Nobody's fucking side-eyeing you and shit. Like, Really bro?
You order a burger at 8 a.m. and motherfuckers are like, Damn bro, really? Really?
You know? But 11 o'clock, it's cool. Get breakfast or lunch.
So, yeah, it's cool. Depends on who you go with.
But I guess accurately rated.
Listening to the radio. Overrated. Today I think it's overrated.
I say that because since I was a kid, the radio has always played trash music.
They just play the same few hit songs again and again and again when
There's so many dope artists out there that should be on the radio for other people to hear.
Or they talk over the songs, the DJ is like talking while the song is playing,
And he's mixing two records that don't mesh well and all that type of shit. You know what I'm saying?
And there's so many ads in commercials that like, I listen to the radio to hear music.
And if it's talk radio, I want to hear people talking about something interesting, right?
But all radio has just turned into talk radio, advertisements, and wack-ass DJs, in my humble opinion.
So luckily, we have the internet now and you can essentially do the same thing.
A podcast is just a radio show, prerecorded. You know what I'm saying?
We have like a bunch of channels where you can listen to dope music and stuff like that,
Whenever, however you want. So today, unfortunately, the radio is a little overrated.
If it went... Like, the radio and MTV, I'm mentioning that for a reason.
Like, MTV stands for Music Television, and that's the only thing that you never see on MTV anymore.
So if the radio and MTV could go back to what they were meant to be, they'd be the shit.
But right now, overrated.
Social media. Over fucking rated, bro. That one's easy. So overrated.
Like, there's a lot of positives about social media,
All the things you can learn and people you can connect with and all that type of stuff.
But the rest, like, you know, what I realize is the less time I spend on social media, the happier I am.
And I'm not even one of those type of people that see somebody more successful and like,
Shit, I feel terrible about myself.
Or I see a dude that looks better than me, and I'm like,
Fuck, I'm ugly. I'll never... I don't think that way, even when I see that online.
I'm not saying that's the reason I'm happier, because that stuff doesn't really affect me like that.
I guess I'm just happier because I'm not constantly consuming random information for no reason,
Just filling my head with a bunch of useless information. You know what I'm saying?
I'm happy for that reason. I'm not just always consuming some shit.
Just put my phone down and just be here in the real world, so much better.
Social media is dope.
I mean, you're probably listening to me right now because you found me on social media.
That's fucking awesome. But it's overrated, for sure.
Cats and those who obsess over their prowess. That one's tough.
I feel like in the cat community, people that just love cats, cats are overrated.
But people that hate cats, in that community, it's like underrated.
I think cats are like, accurately rated.
If we're being, like, objective about it. Like, cats are fucking dope.
They're not everything that cat lovers make them seem to be,
But they're also not as horrible as cat haters and dog lovers make them seem.
They're somewhere in the middle. Cats are fucking dope, man.
I don't understand how you can love dogs and hate cats. Or love cats and hate dogs.
I never understood that.
Oh I'm a dog person. I'm a cat person.
What the fuck does that mean? And why is it just those two?
Like you love animals, just not cats specifically. The fuck? It's weird. It was always weird to me.
You love animals, you just hate dogs.
I'm a cat person. I prefer cats, I don't like dogs.
Anyway, cats accurately rated, in my opinion. They're fucking dope.
The little sneaky assholes too, but they're fucking dope at the same time. So accurately rated.
Ignoring phone calls. Man, man... Underrated bro. Underrated.
Ignoring phone calls, ignoring text messages. Not even necessarily ignoring,
But like, not answering at the moment it arrives. You know what I'm saying?
Because a lot of times we have this habit of stopping whatever we're doing to attend to the message or the phone call.
We keep our phone right with us at all times,
Most of us do and we could be getting good work done on the computer and "Trrrim" the phone rings
Or "Buzz" you get that text message, you stop completely what you're doing to see what it is. You just have to see.
Bro, I'm telling you, if you want more peace in life, more clarity in your thinking,
More time for yourself, less unexpected interruptions, leave your phone alone.
You don't have to answer the phone call just because it's coming right now.
If you're doing something else, or even if you're doing nothing, you want to keep doing nothing,
Don't answer the phone call. Call them later.
If it's urgent, if it's really serious, they'll more than likely call more than once,
Or they'll send you a text message when you didn't answer, or they'll leave a voicemail or something.
If it's not seriously important, if it's not an emergency, something that needs your attention right now,
They're probably just going to call and that'll be the end of it.
They really needed to talk to you, they would try harder, I think.
I don't know. Obviously, everyone's different.
But I'm just saying, most of the time it's not an emergency.
It's something that can be dealt with later.
Same thing with text messages, like, just because you feel your phone vibrate doesn't mean you have
To take your phone out of your pocket right now to see what it is. You know?
So stop... I'm not telling you what to do, but I'm just saying,
My experience when I stopped allowing my phone to interrupt, I flow just the way I move through my day.
The phone can very easily interrupt that flow, constantly stopping you,
You constantly have to stop and look down at your phone and check.. and Y on the phone.
And then this new idea, problem, situation, is now clouding your mind when you were focused on something else.
It happens all the time. So many distractions. When you eliminate those distractions, it's just like, bliss.
Like, yeah. Like, having your... When your mind is clear, you ever experienced that?
When it's just like, there's nothing going on up there. It's just. Clear.
The less I interact with my phone, the more clear I am up here.
So ignoring phone calls and messages or just leaving them for later, super underrated.
Control your phone, don't let it control you.
S'mores. Fucking overrated, bro.
Just in case you don't know what s'mores are. S ' M O R E S, which is like a contraction of "some more".
So I want s'mores. I want some more. If I'm not mistaken, that's what the name means.
S'MORES is s'mores, some more.
Anyway, s'mores are what you see like in those typical American movies where they go camping
And they put a marshmallow on a stick and they melt it and then they put it in between two graham crackers
And two pieces of chocolate and the hot marshmallow melts the chocolate and then you eat it like a chocolate marshmallow sandwich, I guess.
Those are s'mores. And I think they're grossly overrated.
They're really not even that good. I'm not the biggest fan of chocolate, though.
Like, I prefer fruity flavors like strawberry and mango, and pineapple. I prefer candy.
I'm not much of a chocolate guy.
But s'mores themselves like, nothing special. Overrated. Yeah.
Going commando and letting your genitals breathe.
For those of you that don't know, going commando means not wearing any underwear.
So that's what they mean when they say, "Let your genitals breathe".
Let your genitals, let them breathe.
So instead of wearing boxers or briefs or panties or whatever you wear, you just wear nothing under your pants.
That's what it means to go commando. So I feel like that's overrated, to be honest.
I think you should wear... you should wear some drawers, you should wear some underwear.
I guess it depends on the person.
But lik,e even like if I'm not wearing boxers and my dick is just rubbing up against my jeans,
Like, Nah, it doesn't feel good. You know?
And the boxes, they give you support. Right? They support the fruit of the Loom.
Right? So, going commando, overrated.
Putting sad music on while you're sad to further your sadness. Overrated, I think.
I've never been the type of person like to... that's a lie, I am.
I've listened to sad music when I was sad before, but not to further my sadness.
It's more like, as a cure.
Because the type of sad music I listen to isn't really sad,
But this person's going through some fucked up shit and they're talking about it in a way that I can identify with,
And for some reason that makes me feel better.
But I don't listen to sad music to further my sadness. That's fucking weird.
I think that's overrated because although I think feeling sad is necessary.
It's necessary to feel your feelings. I don't want to just feel sad.
So why would I try to further my sadness?
In the past, that's probably something I would have done,
But today, right now, fuck that. Overrated.
Reading books. This one kind of is like the library. Super-duper extra underrated.
And when I say reading books, it could also be just listening to audiobooks.
That's also an option. It's much faster, much more practical. I prefer it.
I hate reading books, but I love the information I get from books.
I don't know if that makes sense.
But like, sitting down to actually read line after line, I hate that shit.
Getting the information from the book is the best part, and that's why I read.
So audiobooks are the perfect solution.
You can just listen to a 300-page book in like a day or a couple of days
Where it would take you a week or two weeks to read it. You see what I'm saying?
But anyway, reading books, getting valuable information from books,
Especially non-fiction books, super-duper extra underrated.
I feel like... The reason people don't do it more is just because it's boring.
Reading a book is really, really boring.
Especially if it's nonfiction or something that you're not fascinated by. You know what I'm saying?
I think that's why most people don't do it.
It's just easier to watch a video or scroll or listen to music or whatever it is.
But like... I'm telling you, man, everything that has ever been known or done is somewhere in a book.
Like, there's nothing new under the sun, so the problem that you're dealing with,
Somebody wrote about it in a book at some point. Guaranteed. Guaranteed.
What you want to achieve in life, somebody wrote about it in a book at some point. Guaranteed.
What you're going through, what you're feeling, experiencing, information on how to deal with it is somewhere in a book.
You need more money, learn about it in the book.
Better relationships, how to travel, start a business, it's in a book somewhere.
Now, nowadays it's on YouTube somewhere.
But I'm saying timeless... There's a lot of timeless information that can be applied to anyone,
Anywhere, any time just sitting in books waiting to be discovered.
So reading books, underrated.
Conversing with strangers. Accurately rated. Accurately rated.
I don't think it's under or over... I don't think it's under or overrated.
Because sometimes it's the best thing in the world and like,
You just start a casual conversation and you never know where it's going to go.
You never know what's going to happen. And it turns out that it's the coolest fucking person ever.
Or because you mentioned this one thing, you learned all these other things from this person
In just a random conversation with somebody that you don't even know. That's awesome.
But at the same time. Talking with people in general,
Not just strangers, but people in general sometimes can be such a fucking drag. You know what I mean?
Like it drains so much energy and wastes so much time.
You're like, why did I fucking open my mouth to speak to this person?
So I think it just depends on the person, depends on the day.
I think it's accurately rated.
Sometimes it's great. Other times it's like, not great. So accurately rated.
Flowers. Um. Overrated. I think flowers are overrated.
In the context of like society. In terms of like giving somebody flowers as a gift,
Buying your woman flowers to say like, I love you, I was thinking about you or whatever.
I don't know why people buy flowers for their partners. I don't really understand.
I guess the gesture is the point.
Like, I was thinking about you, I wanted you to have something nice and this flower represents our love,
It's beautiful and it blossoms like the rose in the spring or something like that.
I don't know why people give flowers specifically.
Like, you could give your boyfriend a blowjob. That's better than flowers.
You could give your woman some head. That's better than flowers, I think.
Right? I don't know, I think just giving flowers as a gift is overrated.
I don't understand it.
The plumber plot that precedes the action in many of the world's porn videos.
Accurately rated. That's a good scene.
Like, the plumbers coming through to fix the pipes, and he ends up laying some pipe.
It's a pretty dope fantasy, man.
I can't think of, you know, what would be better, an electrician? I don't know.
Accurately rated. You know?
I like a little story with my porn. So to be able to get into the story like,
Man, she got a bursted of pipe. The basement was going to flush.
She's got to call a plumber, calls the plumber.
He comes through with the tools to fix the pipe. And whaaat?
He brought dick too. Five-star customer service bro.
Five-star customer service. That's what you call that.
So the the the plumber plot before the porn scene. Accurately rated. Got to love it.
All right, man. Now it's your turn.
Go back through, look at each of these topics or people or subjects and let me know which things are overrated,
Which things are underrated or accurately rated in your opinion.
Let's start a conversation, man. I might do more of these in the future because it was kind of fun.
But I don't know if there's any real value here. I was just fucking around.
Hopefully you enjoyed it and got some things to think about.
Because at the end of the day, you could write about each one of these subjects in your journal,
We can talk about it on the Discord server or whatever.
The point is to start a dialogue. You see what I'm saying?
So let me know on the Discord server, shoot me some comments below if you're watching on YouTube.
What do you think is over or underrated?
Or give me some new things to rate in the future. I don't know.
We'll see if this will turn into a thing.
So hopefully you enjoyed the episode, you got a little bit of entertainment for the day. I don't know.
But this is Life in English.
As always, my friend, I'm your host, Tony Kaizen.
And I will talk to you in the next episode.
Peace.